# 04.06.2025 Ruth the Song of Connection

### Scripture:
One day Ruth’s mother-in-law Naomi said to her, “My daughter, I must find a home[a] for you, where you will be well provided for. 
(Ruth 3:1, NIV)

### Observation:
Yesterday we spoke about how men need to become, this was in reference to the fact that men want to achieve and become providers for their families and their woman.
Today we see the oposite of this mentality, which is clearly the person who wants to be provided for, in this case Ruth. It seems very clear to me that back in those days
woman weren't gold diggers if they wanted to be provided for by a man of stature. In fact it seems that they value that desire and acknowledge it as a good thing.
Compare to today's society in which woman are encourage to be self sufficient and not to need a man, is a big difference. By seeing this example, we can clearly see that 
there is nothing wrong with a woman wanting to be provided for, in fact it is a good thing.

### Application:
Ruth was not lazy by any means, she worked in the field and she had a good reputation within her community. So we can clearly see that she was a hard working woman, and also
of good reputation. With all of that, she still recognized her need to be provided for, and she was not ashamed of it. Is in this synergistic dance of provider and provided for 
that we can see the masculine and feminine natures dancing together. This is the song that signs out throughout the book of Ruth, the song of connection, love, and abundance.

### Prayer:
Lord Jesus I thank you for speaking to my heart this morning regarding the importance of being provided for and taking my place as the provider for my family. I thank you for giving
me the insight and knowledge to be able to listen to you through your word. I pray that you may help me to keep becoming a better and more powerful provider to my family and our future children.
Amen!
