# 04.01.2025 Developing a Clear Conscience

### Scripture:
12 Now this is our boast: Our conscience testifies that we have conducted ourselves in the world,
and especially in our relations with you, with integrity[b] and godly sincerity.
We have done so, relying not on worldly wisdom but on God’s grace.
(2 Corinthians 1:12)

### Observation:
Today's Christinity is filled with messages of grace and forgiveness, which is part of the doctrine, but one thing that we see clearly from the
writings of the Apostle Paul is the importance of developing a clear conscience. Not founded on rituals or stoic knowledge but one that is grounded
on the sound doctrine of the Gospel and the grace of God.

### Application:
Developing a clear conscience is a skill that like any other skill needs to be reharse and practice constantly. It is something that it can't be 
translated with one thing, but it takes practice and dedication on a regular basis to be able to be train in godliness and integrity. Its this time
in the word and reflecting on God that helps us to develop the knowledge and wisdom to be able to discern solid food from milk.
It's like a codebase that one has spend time and time again and one knows that ins and outs of it, without having to use chatgpt or a boot to tell you
what to look for and do.

### Prayer:
Father I pray in your Son's name Jesus Christ, that I may train in your word, so that I may be able to discern your perfect will and maybe able to 
digest your word on a daily basis so that I can train my conscience to be able to discern good from evil. Amen.

