# 04.19.2025 - Showing Off

### scripture:
Beware of practicing your righteousness before men to be noticed by them; otherwise you have no reward with your father who is in heaven.
So when you give to the poor, do not sound a trumpet before you as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, so that they may be honored
by men. (Matt 6:1-2)

### Observation:
One of the things that as believers we need to be careful of, is the culture of showing off. Today you can even make a living out of showing off
its call influencers. People would post on their Instagram, Tiktok, and other social media platforms, what they are doing, what they are eating, and where they are going.
This is part of a culture of just showing off, and there is nothing wrong with that since that is how the people are making a living, but as a believer, unless that is 
how you make a living, we need to be careful not to fall into that mindset.

### Application:
I don't have social media, the only thing that is resemble such thing is my blog, and LinkedIn profile, but does things are for building my career and not for showing off.
In a way is to show off to recruiters, but at the same time its more for my own personal edification and to be able to share my work with those around me.
But been mindful of such culture and practice is essential in order not to fall into the trap of showing off.

### Prayer:
Lord Jesus, I pray that you help me to be mindful of the culture of showing off. I pray that you help me to be humble and not to fall into this trap. Amen!
