# 04.12.2025 Standard Bearer

### Scripture:
20 For I am afraid that when I come I may not find you as I want you to be, and you may not find me as you want me to be.
I fear that there may be discord, jealousy, fits of rage, selfish ambition, slander, gossip, arrogance and disorder. 
21 I am afraid that when I come again my God will humble me before you, and I will be grieved over many who have sinned
earlier and have not repented of the impurity, sexual sin and debauchery in which they have indulged.
(2 Corinthians 12:20-21)

### Observation:
The importance of the collectiveness, one of the things that we see in the book of Genesis is that it is not good for man to be alone.
Because of this reason there is a higher chance that when people are together their collectiveness, brings a higher level of holiness
and accountability than if they are on their own. But we can see here that the apostle Paul feared that the opposite was true. that the collectiveness
didn't help bring a higher level of holiness and accountability but rather it brought a higher level of sin and debauchery.

### Application:
Here lies the trick for this principle to work, there needs to be a leader in the group who submits himself to a higher level of accountability and holiness to a pure and holy God.
Only then, can the impact of the leader bring others in the group higher and higher, but it starts with the leader submitting himself to a higher level of accountability and holiness.
With this in mind I will choose to surround myself with people who are willing to submit themselves to a higher level of accountability and holiness, because I know this will help me 
to grow and develop in my walk with God.

### Prayer:
Father I pray that you may help me to be a leader in my group and to be able to submit myself to a higher level of accountability and holiness.
Help me to be the standard, and to follow your lead in all of my ways. Amen!

