### 04.14.2025 - Touching the Future

### Scripture:
6 and Jesse the father of King David.
David was the father of Solomon, whose mother had been Uriah’s wife,
7 Solomon the father of Rehoboam,
Rehoboam the father of Abijah,
Abijah the father of Asa,
8 Asa the father of Jehoshaphat,
Jehoshaphat the father of Jehoram,
Jehoram the father of Uzziah,
9 Uzziah the father of Jotham,
Jotham the father of Ahaz,
Ahaz the father of Hezekiah,
10 Hezekiah the father of Manasseh,
Manasseh the father of Amon,
Amon the father of Josiah,
11 and Josiah the father of Jeconiah[c] and his brothers at the time of the exile to Babylon.
(Matthew 1:6-11 NIV)

### Observation:
In the past when I used to read this type of genealogy, I would skip over it. But now with more years under my belt and seeing the importance of having children,
I can see the importance of this genealogy. It highlights the fact that in order to fulfill the greater purpose one live is too small, the time we get to spend here in this earth
is insignificant, so the ability for us to extand beyond our current time is achieve through our children.

### Application:
I want to extend my impact on this world, I want to be able to touch and carved my signature in the fabric of time. this in one life time is an impossible fit,
but through my children it can be possible. Through my spreading of my seed through my wife, and mentees, it can be possible.

### Prayer:
Father, I thank you for the gift of life, and the ability to create life. I pray that you give me the wisdom to raise my children in a way that they can be a blessing to this world.
Give me the wisdom and the blessing to have multiple children, and to be able to raise them in a way that they ca be a blessing to this world. Amen!
