# 04.10.2025 - Planting Seeds

### scripture:
15 Neither do we go beyond our limits by boasting of work done by others. Our hope is that, as your faith continues to grow, our sphere of activity among you will greatly expand, 
16 so that we can preach the gospel in the regions beyond you. For we do not want to boast about work already done in someone else’s territory.
(2 Corinthians 10:15-16)


### observation:
The apostle Paul clearly understood the importance of planting seeds and the ability that this give us to be able to go beyond ourselves in this world and the world to come.
One of the things that the jews people have understood through out time is the importance of education and passing information to others in their sphere of influence.
This ability to build knowledge and transmit it to others is essential in order to be able to life beyond our present reality and to marked the phabric of time itself.

### application:
One of the best story lines that Marvel introduce in the screen is the story of Kang the Conqueror. This villian is a time traveler that has the ability to go back in time and change the course of history.
On Loki seasson 2 we see his power in full display for all to see and how he orchestrates the events of the multiverse in order to be able to achieve his goals. TRapping Loki in an infinite loop of time and space.
All of that for Loki to develop his own powers so that he can become the best version of himself. It was went Loki mastered time itself, that he was able to transcend the infinite loop Kang had created for him.
Just like Loki achieved this, breaking out of the infinite loop of time, were the same sun sets in and out, so we can also defeat this by taking a page out of the Jews people and transmitting the knowledge and wisdom of God to others.

### prayer:
Lord Jesus I pray that you may help me to be a transmitter of your truth and wisdom to others around me. Help me to marked my name on the fabric of time and to become a time traveler like Kang the conqueror.
Help me to appreciate what has come before me and what is to come after me. So that I may bring glory and honor to your name. Amen.
