# 04.23.2025 - Trade-offs

### Scripture:
38 Whoever does not take up their cross and follow me is not worthy of me. 39 Whoever finds their life will lose it, and whoever loses their life for my sake will find it.
(Matthew 10:38-39)

### Observation:
In an age where we want fast results and inmediate results, we encounter the reality that anything worth having will take a sacrifice of time and effort.
We think that we can have it all, be a master of all trades and be able to successfully juggle all of our responsibilities and obligations, but as we can 
clearly see, Jesus didn't encourage this kind of erroneous thinking. He was very clear that if we want to be his disciples, we need to take up our cross and follow him.

### Application:
Currently I'm 36 years old, and the more I think about my life, and what I want to be able to accomplish I get hit with the reality of trade-offs.
I can't have it all, but I can have the right things in my life. What are those? My vibrant relationship with God, a passionate and loving relationship with my wife,
a strong and healthy body, a strong connection with my family and friends, and a successful career in serving my clients and helping them to achieve their goals.

### Prayer:
Lord Jesus, I pray that you may help me to develop this mindset of trade-offs and sacrifices, and that I may be able to see the things that are important in my life.
That is not a new Rolex, computer, or a Lambo, but rather a strong and intimate relatioship with you, my wife, and my family. Amen!
