# 03.13.2025 - Known by God

### Scriptures:
8 Formerly, when you did not know God, you were slaves to those who by nature are not gods. 
9 But now that you know God—or rather are known by God—how is it that you are turning back to those weak and miserable forces[d]? Do you wish to be enslaved by them all over again? 
10 You are observing special days and months and seasons and years! 
11 I fear for you, that somehow I have wasted my efforts on you.
Galatians 4:8-11

### Observations:
One of the things that just caught my attention in these verses is the fact that the apostle Paul mentiones "But now that you know God—or rather are known by God"  
this is a very interesting verse, since we always think that God already knows us, but the fact that we are now known by God is a very interesting concept.
It is as if God is now taking notice of us, and is now taking an interest in us. This is a very peculiar concept, since we always think that God is always interested in us.
Regardless if we are saved or not, but the fact that we are now known by God is a paradoxical concept and one that could potentially alter my views on how I see God and my understanding of Him.

### Application:
He knows me by name, is not like He didn't knew that I existed, but when we come to Christ, that's the moment we become aware of His personal knowledge and interest in us.
Rather than been slaves and servants to an unknown god, we are now sons and heirs of God's Kingdom. This indeed separates Judaism from Christianity, and all other
religions of the world. Rather than following a set of rules and regulations, we are now have a deep and personal relationship with the Creator of the Universe and the more
time we spend on getting to know Him, the more we will be able to understand His will for our lives and embody His character in our lives.

### Prayer:
Thank you Fathre for speaking to my heart this afternoon and helping me see the value in having a deep and intimate relationship with you.
I Pray that I can reflect your character and love in this earth through all of my life, in Jesus name I pray. Amen!

