# 03.16.2025 - Muscles Memory

### Scripture:
9 So Moses wrote down this law and gave it to the Levitical priests, who carried the ark of the covenant of the Lord, and to all the elders of Israel. 
10 Then Moses commanded them: “At the end of every seven years, in the year for canceling debts, during the Festival of Tabernacles, 
11 when all Israel comes to appear before the Lord your God at the place he will choose, you shall read this law before them in their hearing. 
12 Assemble the people—men, women and children, and the foreigners residing in your towns—so they can listen and learn to fear the Lord your God and follow carefully all the words of this law. 
13 Their children, who do not know this law, must hear it and learn to fear the Lord your God as long as you live in the land you are crossing the Jordan to possess.”
(Deuteronomy 31:9-13)

### Observation:
One of the things that we see through out scripture is the power of muscle memory. The power of repetition and the power of hearing the word of God over and over again. 
This is why it is so important to be able to read the word of God on a daily basis. This is why it is so important to be able to meditate on the word of God day and night. 
This is why it is so important to be able to be able to be in the presence of God and to be able to be in the presence of the Holy Spirit.
So we can get our daily reps and get better and better at listening to His voice and guidence in our lives.

### Application:
Many years of reading God's word and it is still a great reminder of why we need to keep persevering in this important habit regularly.
These verses reminded me of the importance of repetition and the importance of hearing the word of God over and over again.

### Prayer:
Father in Jesus name help me to be able to be in your presence and to be able to hear your voice and follow you wherever you may lead me. Amen!
