# 03.14.2025 Serving in Love

### Scripture:
13 You, my brothers and sisters, were called to be free. But do not use your freedom to indulge the flesh[a]; rather, serve one another humbly in love. 
14 For the entire law is fulfilled in keeping this one command: “Love your neighbor as yourself.”[b] 
15 If you bite and devour each other, watch out or you will be destroyed by each other.
(Galatians 5:13-15)

### Observation:
One of the great things about the apostle paul is that he gives enough room to be able to implement his suggestions in all areas of our lives
and also gives us a clear list of what does it mean to indulge in the flesh. Things such as:
- Sexual immorality
- Impurity
- Debauchery
- Idolatry
- Witchcraft
- Hatred
- Discord
- Jealousy
- Fits of rage
- Selfish ambition
- Dissensions
- Factions
- Envy
- Drunkenness
- Orgies
- And the like
All these things are clear indicators of what it means to indulge in the flesh and serve as clear indicators of what we should avoid.
It also gives us a great sign of what it means to love our neighbor as ourselves, which is to serve one another humbly in love.

### Application:
One of the biggest cancers in our society is the simple ignorance of the law of love. We are so quick to judge and condemn others for their actions
rather than leanring how to walk and serve in humility and love to others around us. As a Christ follower I will strive to love my neighbor as myself.

### Prayer:
Lord help me to be humble and to submit myself to your perfect will in a ll areas of my life. Amen!
