# 03.30.2025: When God Gets Ready - Calling have commas

### Summary:
The key takeaway is that faith requires embracing our complexities and multifaceted roles in life. We're
not just one thing, but a combination of various callings, including friendships, parenting, work, and
more. This understanding allows us to surrender to God and recognize that He sees us in multiple ways.
Faith isn't about avoiding struggles or difficulties, but rather embracing the process of growth and
transformation, which often involves being willing to admit when we're wrong and change our perspective.
Ultimately, God wants us to use our unique experiences and talents to fulfill our purpose, revealing His
purposes within us and guiding us toward a life of purpose and surrender.

### Notes:
- Faith is not for those hypothetical situations, but for the real ones.
- Jesus is very much concern with the way we treat His people.
- We have multiple callings in our lives, we can be friends, parents, children, and workers. 
- Callings have commas, they are not just one thing, but multiple things.
- You have to learn to become a dad, even when you are a friend, or a worker.
    - We are a combination of our callings, we are not just one thing.
- The sooner we can learn that we are all these things at once, the sooner we can surrender to God.
- For all of our roles that we have, we need to be aware that there is only one source of what you are. People label, but God names.
    - People label based on what they see, but God names based on what He knows.
- There would never be folouring faith without a fight. The reason why we struggle is because God is working on our character.
- Sometimes the most rightous things we can do is to say "I was wrong."
- Saul was rescue from selfrighteousness. Somethings we need to be willing to be wrong, so that we can be right.
- We need to get some space to change, and the same is with others.
- Why would we put a period where God puts a comma?
- Big doors swing on small hinges.
- Sometimes it takes a heart break to be able to hear God.
- You have to life it now, explain it later.
- People would put you on a prision of your past.
- The fall significe that the call is comming, sometimes it takes wrong to get ready.
    - God changes our name for expansion.
- Sometimes we don't know when we are changing, what look like a fall is actually a call.
    - Everybody is wating to the point we can see the change taking place.
    - But God is already working on the change. You already are what you are becoming.
- God wants us to use what He already gave us. The resources, talents, and gifts that we have.
- When you were getting it "wrong", God was getting you ready to use all of your experiences to call you to your purpose.
    - God reveals His purposes in us, means that He shows us what was already in us.

### Scripture:
- Galatians 1: 11-20
- Acts 9: 4-5

