# 06.19.2025 Notes

- We have to think about our roles as a business.
- We need to plan out our career paths.
- We need to define what is the ideal position, what is the end in mind what we want?
- We need to own our career, by creating value, figure out what opporutnitties you can create as you see in the market.
- What are some skills and projets that we are currently working on?
- you are your product, your skills is what you prodvide to your vlients. You need to maintain top form, continual education, build skills that 
are outside of your wheel house.
- Your reputation is your brand, your credatibilty, influence, integrity, you r ability to communicate, your responsability,
ask for recommendations in linkedin. Also who are you connected to? what are you posting? 
- You need to find the time, to invest into your own company (which is you).
- Learn to set bounderies.
- When you have people that now your work, reach out to people once a month. Keep does connection that are supportive of you.
be intentional about your network.
- You should always have a stretch goal, let your manager know that you are working on something so that they are aware that you are
developoing those skills so they can put you on those projects. Have side projects that your comnpany may need.
- Have a side business, have a podcast, youtube chanel, blog.
- Have multiple streams of income.
- Think like a CEO, think long term.
- Ask yourself "how can i invest in my career for the long term? How can i market my product? How can I build my brand?"
- Define wqhere you are going to grow? What problem can my skills solve? How can i improve or change my skills to be able to solve that problem or more higher level problems?
    - DEsigned the skills and competencies to be able to solve those problems.
- Build your brand.
    - Speak and tell others about what you are doing. Market yourself.
- Every year on your birthday, update your resume and start looking for new opportunities.
    - Go interview for another company, don;t be afraid to touch other companies.
- The thing is to have options so you don;t feel that you are trap or without no options.
- Diversify your talents, network, and skills. Be open to new opportunities.
- Have a skill that solve a real problem.
- Don't be afrraid to take calculated risks.
- Reframe your mind, you own your mindset.
- Be intentional, have career ownership, before you are in trouble, before you are looking for a job.
- When you feel like a victim it interferes with your mind.
- Increase your visibility, and influence. Share your skills with others.
- Go to linkedin learning a dn add badgets to your profile.
- Your mindeset how you see failures and mistakes, that's what is going to determine your success in life.
- Look at specification, look into going deeper into a hot area in the market. Look at trend and deep dive into those areas.
- Volunteer to take leadership roles and communications.
- Be a mentor, be a coach, be a leader.
- Considere flexible work models, do contracting, do fractional work, become an enterpreneur, do things that are outside your industry.
