04.06.2025 - When God Says Let Go 

### Summary:
The notes emphasize the importance of trust and
faith in navigating life's uncertainties. Trust
is not only about waiting for specific outcomes,
but also about having confidence in God's
character and plan, even when faced with unknown
details or circumstances.

As we learn to let go of control and trust God, we develop a "let go"
faith that allows us to release our grip on what
we think He wants us to do, so we can focus on
what He truly desires for us.

This process
requires delayed gratification, holding onto
faith despite uncertainty, and ultimately
trusting in God's sovereignty and plan, even when
faced with seemingly insurmountable challenges or
a lack of external support.

### Notes:
- Just because you don't feel ready for this moment it doesn't mean that you don't have the supply for.
- The deeper the level of trust, the less the need for details.
- The test that we are in is about trust.
- Trust is not only about time, its also a matter of character.
- When God says let's go, if we trust Him enough the less we need to know and the less details He needs to give us.
    - When God is testing you it just means that it is time to put into practice what He has given to you.
- There are let's go moments in our lives. We need to develop a let's go faith.
- The process of our lives isn't knowing the details, but learning to trust God.
    - Faith teaches us delayed gratification:
        - 25 years of waiting for Abraham and Sarah to have a son.
- Embracing the promise of God doesn't mean that you will not mistakes or that you will understand the plan.
    - This is called holdon faith.
- Then we need to develop a let go faith.
    - God has called us to bring him what he wanted us to do, in order for us to release it so we can do what He wants us to do.
    - Our problem is that we may hold on to things that God is calling us to let go.
- What do you do when you don't have any context on what is going on?
    - God wasn't testing Abraham in a goal, his goal was tested on a process.
- There will come a place where no one will be able to give you advice or help you, this is where the let go faith comes in.
    - and we learn to start learning to walk on the water.
- When letting go we show our levels of trust in God's plan for our lives.
    - This is when we develop a substance of faith.
    - The test of our faith help us to develop a substance of faith.
    - just like the miners mine for gold, our tests help us to mine for the substance of faith in our lives.

### Scriptures:
- **Hebrews** 11: 7-8, 17-19
- **Genesis** 22: 8-13
- **Romans** 4: 19
