# 07.13.2025 The Power to Change Your Mind

- Feelings are contengious. The joy of the Lord is contagious.
- It takes courage to change the way people think about you and to not be bother by it.
- We can renew our minds. 
- You can't never proved the value of Christianity, by faking joy.
    - People don't relate with your superman, but your weaknesss.
- Christianity, isn't about faking. It's about coming to real converdsation with God.
- Converation isn't what the christinity is, but the church is failing in transformation.
- It's hard to have a personality with idiocencrities.
- Christ wants to go into our personalities, our weaknesses.
- We need to tied ourselves to be a living sacrifice, to be able to change our minds.
- There is too much noise from social media, and the world around us, we need to disconect from it so that we can listen to God's voice.
- We are called to reflect the personality of Christ on earth.
- We need to realize our identity in Christ, 
- I come to church to listen to God's destiny for my life, but when I leave it, I go back into my history.
- The old self start to crib in and it dominiates our divine destiny.
- Perso-a-lity is not spirituality, we don't marry spirituality, we marry personality.
    - So we deal with personality issues, not spirituality issues.
- We have our own crazy levels, we need to be able to deal with it. So Rather than focusing on external things, we need to focus on internal things.
    - We all have build systems to hide our craziness for our of our lives, then expect other people to deal with it and understand it.
- We need to operate from a high place, not from a low level of thinking.
    - The area that I build to portect myself, is also an area that issolates me.
    - Our defense systems are also our isolation systems.
- Our brain is designto deliver hormons and fuilds that is on our minds.
- Just because I survive doesn't mean that I succeeded.
- What are you growing that you don't need? What are you growing that is not longer needed?
    - God has called you to the mountain top, and you still got your monkey tail.
        - If there is anything that is messing up with your mind, you need to cut it off.
        - Don't give yourself excuses for your disfunction, just fix it.
        - Its easier said than done, its just easier to praise the Lord than to go in and fight with the issues that we have with God.
- It takes you a long time to yourself, its not a place, not a person, but a process of transformation.
- The point is not to have joy in one place, but we can have internal joy.
- If we cut that one thing that is messing up with our minds, we can have internal joy.
    - Why are you loyal to something that is no longer needed anymore?
- When you change your mind, your experience changes.
- You have to learn how to change your mind, it takes time and effort. I'm going to learn to change my mind.
    - We need to enter into a new dimension of thinking.
    - don't change just your shoes, places, or clothes, but change your mind.
    - WE need to let go of our church self.

### Scripture:
- Romans 12: 1-2
