# # 05.08.2025 Ittai's Loyalty

### Scripture:
20 You came only yesterday. And today shall I make you wander about with us, when I do not know where I am going? 
Go back, and take your people with you. May the Lord show you kindness and faithfulness.”[c]
21 But Ittai replied to the king, “As surely as the Lord lives, and as my lord the king lives, 
wherever my lord the king may be, whether it means life or death, there will your servant be.”
(2 Samuel 15:20-21, NIV)

### Observation:
Ittai was a foreigner, a Philistine, he had no obligation to follow and be under submission to David, but he decided to follow him and be loyal to him.
In an age were loyalty is frowned upon, and every one is looking for their own personal fulfillment, this story serves as a good reminder that loyalty and
friendship are essential to thrive even when the going gets tough.

### Application:
These verses reminded me of the book "The Holistic You" on page 27, Rabbi Daniel and Sussan Lapin makes this great observaton "Earning a living and establishing 
lasting business relationships seems to be harder to do than it was a few decades ago.
Who stays at one company for 50 years anymore? But what is the result of all this moving around? 
Perhaps people gain a higher degree of worldliness. but at what cost? Scores of articles and books report a startling increase in loneliness,
sadness, and anxiety in many lives. Could these phenomena be related?" Going back to our story, I will try to use Ittai' story as a reminder to be loyal 
to my friends, family, and employer. Even when things don't go as planned.

### Prayer:
Lord Jesus, I pray that you may help me to be loyal to my friends, family, and employer. Even when things don't go as planned. Amen!
