# 05.19.2025 - Imitating Salomon's Wisdom

### Scripture:
30 Solomon’s wisdom was greater than the wisdom of all the people of the East, and greater than all the wisdom of Egypt. 
31 He was wiser than anyone else, including Ethan the Ezrahite—wiser than Heman, Kalkol and Darda, the sons of Mahol. And his fame spread to all the surrounding nations. 
32 He spoke three thousand proverbs and his songs numbered a thousand and five. 
33 He spoke about plant life, from the cedar of Lebanon to the hyssop that grows out of walls. He also spoke about animals and birds, reptiles and fish. 
34 From all nations people came to listen to Solomon’s wisdom, sent by all the kings of the world, who had heard of his wisdom.
(1 Kings 4: 30-34)

### Observation:
Currently I have about 40 algorithms memorize and the idea is for me to keep adding more and more as time goes on so that I can have multiple tools to use
and patterns to detect as I solve more and more complex problems in software, and when I read these verses I see something very stricking and similar to 
what I'm doing in my life, which is the ability to use memory and its power to recall information without ever seeing it at the present time, but all
out of full memory and recollection.

### Application:
Using Neo Vim and mastering typing has given me some really good tools to master memorization and learning. The ability to recall information quickly
and without errors is becoming ever so important in my present reality and the fact that I can achieve these levels of learning is really remarkeable.
I feel so blessed and honor by God to be living in such a time as this and to be able to iminate what great men and women knew that the rest didn't 
at their time. The presence of AI, machines, and just the speed of communication is amazing and I must take full advantage of it so that I may fufill
my God given destiny.

### Prayer:
Thank you Lord Jesus for speaking to me this morning through your word and giving me insight and understanding on things that are obscure or not clear
to so many people, because they are distracted chasing the wind, they are living in a fantazy and their own realities are suffering. Thank you Lord
God for entrusting me with this wonderful life. Amen!

