# 05.20.2025 - Mastering Vices

### Scripture:
28 Furthermore, just as they did not think it worthwhile to retain the knowledge of God, so God gave them over to a depraved mind, so that they do what ought not to be done. 
29 They have become filled with every kind of wickedness, evil, greed and depravity. They are full of envy, murder, strife, deceit and malice. They are gossips, 
30 slanderers, God-haters, insolent, arrogant and boastful; they invent ways of doing evil; they disobey their parents; 
31 they have no understanding, no fidelity, no love, no mercy.
(Romans 1: 28-31)

### Observation:
One of the biggest take aways from me reading the intelectual life was the fact that a life full of sin is really a hinderenace to develop strong intelectual 
mindset. The reason why this is, is because the weight of sin and addiction pulls us down, it drags us down with it and with that our time gets suck out of
our lives making us have less time and energy for academic persues and trying to study the world that is around us since we are so distracted with our sin 
and vices.

### Application:
With that understanding at hand, it is in our best self interest to be able to master our minds and therefore get a handle on our vices, to get them under control
and subdue them at the feet of Jesus Christ our Lord. By us doing such thing we will be able to use that new found energy to be able to serve the Lord our God and 
His children all around us with our God given talents and opportunities.

### Prayer:
Lord Jesus I pray that I may be an effective doer of your word. Help me to be able to implement and execute what you have entrusted me with so that others may 
come to see your glory in me so that you may be exalted in all that I do and say. Amen!
