# 05.29.2025 - prosperity Through the Abundance Mindset

## Scripture:
24 One person gives freely, yet gains even more;
    another withholds unduly, but comes to poverty.

25 A generous person will prosper;
    whoever refreshes others will be refreshed.

26 People curse the one who hoards grain,
    but they pray God’s blessing on the one who is willing to sell.
(Proverbs 11:24-26)

## Observation:
This is one of those principles that is realyy paradoxical, on the one hand you want to save and hold on to your money, but on the other 
hand we see that generosity and been open to give is the path to prosperity. It may seem that it should be the other way around, the People
who withold should prosper, while the people who give freely end up in poverty. But as the proverb says, the generous person will prosper,

## Application:
It makes a lot of sense, when the person witholds what their earn, they don't hire other people because they can do it themselves, they don't need anybody else so why would they hire anyone? Better save the money and do it yourself, right? Well if you end up doing everything yourself now you don't have time to do the things that earn you more money, now you don't have the time to upgrade your skills, and time to relax and recharge for the next day. This impacts your ability to generate more income, and consequently your ability to prosper gets dimished. While the person who is generous, who hires people to do the things that they don't have time to do, they are able to focus on the things that get them more income, they can upgrade their skills, take that additional course, go on that hike, relax and recharge. This in turn allows them to generate more income, and consequently prosper.

## Prayer:
Lord, I thank you for the wisdom that you give us through your word. I thank you because you are teaching me to be generous and to be open to give. Help me to be a person who gives freely and generously, so that I can prosper and be a blessing to others. Amen!
