# 05.25.2025 Pulling Weeds

## Scripture:
9 I am using an example from everyday life because of your human limitations. Just as you used to offer yourselves as slaves to impurity and to ever-increasing wickedness, so now offer yourselves as slaves to righteousness leading to holiness.
(Romans 6:19)

## Observation:
This morning I spent about two hours pulling weeds out of my bacyard, as I was pulling the weeds I was thinking to myself,
"Now with these weeds out, I will be able to use apply the fertilizer and the grass will grow better. Because the weeds that were 
growing were taking the nutrients away from the grass." And then it hit me, this is what exactly happens to us when we come to Christ.
We let the sin that was holinding us back, and we start to grow the fruit of the spirit in our lives. The fertilizer can now be applied
(in this case the word of God) and we can start to grow Christ character in our lives.

## Application:
As I let go of lust in my life, now I have room and energy to grow the fruit of the spirit in other areas of my life
for example, I can start to notice that I speak truth rather than exagerate the truth, I can see my thoughts of judgement of others
and I can begin to consciously choose to love them rather than judge them. I can use the fetilizer of the word of God to grow 
the fruit of the spirit in my life. I can choose to be a slave to righteousness rather than a slave to sin.

## Prayer:
Lord, I thank you for the work that you are doing in my life. I thank you for the work that you are doing in my heart. I thank you for the 
power of your Holy Spirit that is at work in my life. Amen!
