# 05.28.2025 Storing Up Wisdom

## Scripture:
My son, keep my words
    and store up my commands within you.
2 Keep my commands and you will live;
    guard my teachings as the apple of your eye.
3 Bind them on your fingers;
    write them on the tablet of your heart.
4 Say to wisdom, “You are my sister,”
    and to insight, “You are my relative.”
(Proverbs 7:1-4, NIV)

## Observation:
These couple of verses give us some clear guidence on how to study the Word of God and wisdom in general. It reminds us to store such words in our hearts,
to store them within us. But the question then becomes, how do we do such thing? The answer is given in the verses themselves. Of course, we are more "sophisticated" now,
than when these words were written, but the principles still remain. These verses tell us to bind them on our fingers, to write them on the tablet of our hearts. 
This is a call to memorize the Word of God, to make it a part of us.

## Application:
In the book "The Intellectual Life" by A.G. Sertillanges, the author talks about holiness of thought and how as we memorize the Word of God, this will help us to think and
meditate on it. Which will lead us to a holy life, and a holy life is a life that has the energy to debote itself to the intellectual life. Since sin is a distraction, and a 
sucker of energy, a holy life will lead us to a life that is more focused and concentrated on the things that matter, to the higher things, to the things of God. Spending time
in memorizing the Word of God is essential for my spritual growth and intellectual development.

## Prayer:
Heavenly Father, I thank You for Your Word and the wisdom it contains. Help me to keep Your words close to my heart and to store up Your commands within me. 
Teach me how to bind Your teachings on my fingers and write them on the tablet of my heart. May I cherish wisdom as a sister and insight as a relative, 
allowing them to guide my thoughts and actions. Strengthen my resolve to memorize Your Word, that I may grow in holiness and dedicate myself to the 
intellectual life You have called me to. In Jesus' name, Amen.
