# 05.23.2025 - Justification by Faith

### Scripture::
13 It was not through the law that Abraham and his offspring received the promise that he would be heir of the world, but through the righteousness that comes by faith.
(Romans 4:13)

### Observation:
The main point that the apostle Paul was saying through these verses was that Abraham's justication was not through the law, since the law didn't 
exist at that particular point in time. It was Abraham's faith in God's promises (having his own child with Sarah) that made him righteous, because
even though he was 100 years old, and Sarah was 90, he believed that God would do what he said he would do, and this the apostle Paul argues is the
same level of faith that we have in Jesus resurection and the promise of eternal life. This promise is what makes us children of Abraham, not through
the law but through faith. 

### Application:
With this in mind we are co-heirs with the Jewish people, they have the law and the geritage of Abraham, but we have the faith that Abraham had in God
and his promises. This does not mean that we are better than them, but it does mean that they are our brothers and sisters. With that said, they still
need to put their trust and faith in Jesus Christ, just like we do. But its wonderful to start fully grasping what was it that the apostle Paul was trying
to communicate to us through these verses. Some people think that the apostle Paul came up with the justification by faith doctrine, but it was actually
reflected through the story of Abraham, and the apostle Paul was just trying to explain it to us in a way that we could understand.

### Prayer:
Heavenly Father, thank you for your word and for the example of Abraham. Help me to have the same level of faith that he had in your promises. Amen!
