# 05.26.2025 Wisdom is More Profitable than Silver and Gold

## Scripture:
13 Blessed are those who find wisdom,
    those who gain understanding,
14 for she is more profitable than silver
    and yields better returns than gold.
(Proverbs 3:13-14)

## Observation:
Investing in the market and seeing my personal wealth grow is fun, and seeing how my house grows in value is also fun. Just to think that I could be a millionare by the age of 40 by having the right assets and investments is thrilling. To think about also the possability of selling ThinkIQ and getting a big payout is exiciting, so many great opportunities that are in the present moment and that could potentially happen. With that said, alo the possbility of having kids and raising them to be great people is exiciting. But with that said, I come back to king Salomon's observation, about wisdom and how it is more profitable than silver and gold.

## Application:
What does it profit a man to win the whole world and to lose his soul? I can have 2 - 3 million dollars in the bank in the next 10 years or so but what would it profit me if I don't have wisdom and understanding? Taking the time to invest in my spiritual life and inner self is essential. This time of reflection and gratitude is essential to be able to grow and mature in both wisdom and understanding. These things don't develop quickly, it takes time and effort to cultivate them and have them grow in our lives. 

## Prayer:
Thank you Lord Jesus for speaking to my heart this afternoon, thank you because you are teaching me the value of spiritual growth and maturity. Thank you because you are helping me to put to death that part of me that is childish and iresponsible. Thank you for entrusting me with so much. Help me to keep my eyes in you. Amen!
