# # 05.24.2025 Growing through challenges

### Scripture:
3 Not only so, but we[c] also glory in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; 4 perseverance, character; and character, hope.
(Romans 5:3-4)

### Observation:
As I'm learning Hebrew, one of the things that I have noticed is that the more you do the easy challenges in Duolingo the more you will not be able to beat the legendary levels, it is only through
going through the more challanging levels that one is able to complete the legendary challanges. Another thing that I have noticed is that they enphasize that importance of upgrading the subscription
and it makes sense if you are trying to hit a certain minutes per day goal, say 1 hour of studing hebrew, but if you are only studying say 15 minutes per day, the premium subscription is not worth it.

### Application:
With that said, how can i personally tied these insights into today's verses? Great question, one of the things that the verses emphasis is the importance of challanges, it is kind of what
Cal Newport was saying today in his podcast "Deep Questions", that the most effective way to learn anything is through active recall, not through passive recall. It is in the hard and challanging parts 
of trying to recall something out of memory that we get good at something, so with that said, I will rejoice in my sufferings, because I know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope.

### Prayer:
Dear God, I thank you for the challenges that you have put in my life, I know that they are there to help me grow and become a better person. I pray that you will help me to see the good in the challenges
that I face and to learn from them. I pray that you will help me to be patient and to persevere through the challenges that I face. I pray that you will help me to grow in character and hope as I go through these challenges. Amen.
