# 05.31.2025 - Memorization, Repetition, and Finding God's Patterns

## Scripture:
 2 Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will.
(**Romans** 12:2)

## Observation:
Lately I have come back to my disciple of studying algotihms and data structures for 30 minutes every day, the main reason why I have decided to do this is because not to memorize algotihms and solutions just to memorize, but to be able to learn to see the common patterns to use to solve new problems at hand. This is the same principle that the apostle Paul is teaching us in here, he is encouraging us to study the scriptures and to renew our minds based on such study, so we can learn to see God's patterns and to be able to addapt such patterns to new problems we may encounter in our lives.

## Application:
Memorization is a powerful tool at our disposal, and the only way we can memorize is through repetation. By repeating the same thing over and over again, we are able to recall and potentially examine and study the patterns that we are able to find be it algotihms or scriptures. Taking the time to seat down and listen to God's voice through the scriptures is essential to be able to see God's patterns and to be able to apply them to our lives.

## Prayer:
Lord, I thank you for the power of your word. I thank you because you are teaching me to renew my mind and to see your patterns in my life. Help me to take the time to study your word and to apply it to my life on a daily basis. Amen!
