# 04.20.2025 - BPV# 1

### Event:
- My wife is irritected at me for bringing up topics and not been mindful of the
recovery state that she is in.

### Feelings:
- Irritated
- Taken for granted
- Disrespected
- Unappreciated
- Angry

### Re-interpretation:
- My man, when a friend of family member, or even a person that you are mentoring
dont listen to what you are saying or don't even try to reasone with the current
situation at hand when you guys have spoken about the same topic again and again
how would you feel?
- you would feel not understood, you would feel like the oother person is not thinking
about what you have spoken for the last 5 to 10 times. 
- You would feel disrecpted and unappreciated. Also, you would want to tell the oother
person to listen to you and to take you seriously.
- I wouldn't appreciate it, and would makeme want to spend less of my time with that person.
- If this is how you would feel, rather than making pathetic excuses and trying to play the victim
you need to turn around and see and understand how your wife feels, and put yourself in her shoes.
- There is really no excuses here, you know all of this. But you are getting the victim mindset
and the high value man card get the best of you.
- All relationsips are work, they need constrant attention and been present.
- All relationsips are about listening to one another and been considerate of the oother
person's feelings.
- So You can play the victim and wine about how hard it is, or you can be the hero of this story
and raise to the occation to become better and stronger than you were before.
