# 03.09.2025 Separation of Concerns

## Scripture:
13 Be careful not to sacrifice your burnt offerings in just any place you please. 
14 Offer them only at the place the Lord will choose in one of your tribes, and there observe everything I command you.
***Deuteronomy 12:13-14***

## Observation:
Yesterday morning while I was driving back from Starbucks, and I was listening to this Jewish podcaster.
She was mentioning how Jewish are not allowed to go into christian churches because according to their theology,
Christianity isn't a monotheistic religion, since Jesus and God are considered to be multiple gods.
Interesting enough they are allowed to go into mosques because they are considered to be monotheistic religions.
But the thing that most caught my attention was the emphasis that they placed on not wanting to mix a place of worship with something else.
For example, some churches rent their buildings to other organizations, so in the same place where there can be church services,
on Monday can be a yoga class, or a dance class, or a concert. And according to the Jewish theology that is not right.
A place of worship should be a place of worship and nothing else. This bring me back to the scripture that I read this morning.

## Application:
In our world of mixing everything due to space, technology, and convenience, we need to be careful not to mix the sacred with the mundane.
Our phones are super convenient pieces of technology that allow us to do so many things, all in one place and as a we are getting trained to try to do everything in one place.
With that said, I must learn to create separation of concerns in my life. I must learn to create a place of worship, a place for work, a place for contemplation, a place for learning, and a place for exercise.
I must learn to create boundaries in my life so that I can be able to be more effective in each of the areas of my life, so when I am in one place I can be fully present in that place. Rather than trying to do everything in one place.

## Prayer:
Lord Jesus, I thank you for today's word that you spoke into my heart this morning. Thank you for teaching me the value of creating boundaries in my life.
So that when I'm in one place I can be fully present in that place. Help me to be able to create separation of concerns in my life. So that I may present to you a life that
is fully present in each season of my life, rather than fragmented by distractions and unnecessary burdens. In Jesus' name, Amen.
