# 03.08.2025 Making Head Driven Decisions

**Scripture:** 
12 If you pay attention to these laws and are careful to follow them, then the Lord your God will keep his covenant of love with you, as he swore to your ancestors. 
13 He will love you and bless you and increase your numbers. He will bless the fruit of your womb, the crops of your land—your grain, new wine and olive oil—the calves of your herds and the lambs of your flocks in the land he swore to your ancestors to give you. 
14 You will be blessed more than any other people; none of your men or women will be childless, nor will any of your livestock be without young. 
15 The Lord will keep you free from every disease. He will not inflict on you the horrible diseases you knew in Egypt, but he will inflict them on all who hate you.
***Deuteronomy 7:12-15***

**Observation:**
One of the things that I was hearing this morning as I was driving back from meeting with Ezequiel was that we can make decisions either by our head or my our impulses. 
With that said, if we notice in the Bible the first mention of this is in Genesis 3:6 when Eve saw that the fruit was good for food, pleasing to the eye and desirable for gaining wisdom.
This is the first time that we see that Eve made a decision based on her impulses and not on what God had told her. She was driven by her impulses and not by her head.
The teacher who was imparting this lesson mentioned that one of the best ways for us to be able to make head driven decisions is by being guarded by what we watch on a daily basis.
Because the impulses get created by what we see and what we hear. So in order for us to be driven by our heads we need to stored images, examples, and concepts that enable and inspire us to make head driven decisions.

**Application:**
With all these things said, if we really reflect on what the Lord is trying to teach His people is to be able to make head driven decisions.
To listen to what He is saying and following it, rather than feasting our eyes on things that will drive us to make decisions based on our impulses.

**Prayer:**
Lord, help me to be able to make head driven decisions. 
Help me to be able to listen to what you are saying and to follow it. 
Help me to be able to store images, examples, and concepts that will enable and inspire me to make head driven decisions. 
In Jesus' name, Amen.
