# 03.23.2025 - Jacob, Jacob 

### Summary:
The notes emphasize the importance of being
present in the moment and trusting in God's
goodness, even when carrying heavy burdens or
struggling with pain and frustration, while also
highlighting the need for humility, reliance on
faith, and sincere worship as a means of
surrendering one's struggles to God.

### Notes;
- Being present in the moment is the priority.
- The Lord will lighten your load.
- Sometimes you get good news or truth, because of the trauma you have experienced.
    - Your pain and frustation can hide the truth from you.
- When you have been hurt is hard to see the message.
- When God calls you He is calling you and your past habits.
- You can be both a sinner and a saint.
- When God speaks to your sin, don't go ahead and hide.
- Four things that were apart of Jacob's journey:
    - **Weight:** The weight of the responsibility of the blessing and of the past.
        - Blessings are heavy. They carry a weight of responsibility.
        - Heavy and happiness are seating at the same table.
        - Waiting at a future time to praise God is a trap. Waiting to have a clear outcome to be grateful is a trap.
        - We have to take a step forward and praise God in the moment, even we don't know what the outcome will be.
        - The devil will fill your mind with distractions so that you don't take care of the things that are important.
        - We need to leave what is familiar and go to the unknown.
    - **Site Note:** Don't judge people by what they are currently carrying on their shoulders.
    - **Wagons:** 
        - God is going to use some weird things to get you there.
        - The wagons are the things that can carry us to our destintiy. Egroups, friends, family, etc.
    - **Worship:** The evidence of God's goodness that God has given you already.
        - Just because you are on the wagons, doesn't mean that you don't have worries.
        - You bring yourself with you. Our circumstances don't change who we are, they just shows us who we are.
        - We give God something (worship) and He gives us something (peace).
        - Worship, offering sacrifices, is the way to listen to God.
        - You are still yourself with all of your habits and patterns, and He is still God.
        - We need to reherse the greatness of God till we forget our frustations.
        - True worship isn't about the music, it's about giving up something to God.
    - **Wings:** The wings of the Lord are going to carry you.
        - The Lord is going to carry you.
        - The Lord is going to lighten your load
        - The strength of the Lord is with us. We are not alone. He is with us.
        - They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength.
        - God will not let us fail.
        - Maybe the things that we think are failure are just the foundation to build our purpose.

### Scriptures:
- **Genesis** 45: 25-28
- **Genesis** 46: 1-5
