# 03.15.2025 - Prosperity and Abundance 

### Scripture:
12 The Lord will open the heavens, the storehouse of his bounty, to send rain on your land in season and to bless all the work of your hands. You will lend to many nations but will borrow from none. 
13 The Lord will make you the head, not the tail. If you pay attention to the commands of the Lord your God that I give you this day and carefully follow them, you will always be at the top, never at the bottom. 
14 Do not turn aside from any of the commands I give you today, to the right or to the left, following other gods and serving them.
(Deuteronomy 28:12-14)

### Observation:
This is one of the big promises of prosperity and abundance that comes from following the Lord our God, in this case it was His laws but in the new testament we are called to follow Jesus.
Jesus never promised wealth or abudance on this earth, but he did promise that those who have the son have the father also, because Him and the Father are one.
So in this way we gentiles are able to have a seat at the table of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. We can get access to the same level of relationship that the nation of Israel had with God.

### Application:
This isn't about following rules and regulations, but following a deep relationship with Jesus Christ. This is about us surrending to His voice and been submissive to what the Holy Spirit is telling us to do.
Is to be submissive to the head of our churches and been part of the body of Christ to be able to flourish and be able to be a blessing to others around us.

### Prayer:
Father in Jesus name i pray that you may help me to be a humble servan to your perfect will in this earth. Help me to be submissive to the Holy Spirit and to the head of my church. Amen!
