[]: # Title: Jesus Christ and Him Crucified
[]: # Date: 17.03.2025

### Scripture:
And so it was with me, brothers and sisters. When I came to you, I did not come with eloquence or human wisdom as I proclaimed to you the testimony about God.[a] 
2 For I resolved to know nothing while I was with you except Jesus Christ and him crucified. 
3 I came to you in weakness with great fear and trembling. 
4 My message and my preaching were not with wise and persuasive words, but with a demonstration of the Spirit’s power, 
5 so that your faith might not rest on human wisdom, but on God’s power.
(1 Corinthians 2:1-5)

### Observation:
The more and more I grow older the more I see that people do have multiple options about God and spirituality in general.
One thinks that one day is secret, the other thinks that having fan sealings is bad, another thinks that pouring blood on the ground
is going to bring healing to the land. There is endless and endless persceptions of what is right and what is wrong.
About what is going to bring healing and what is going to bring destruction to our lives, but the more I hear all these perspectives
it reminds me that everyone has an opinion, but what does God say about all of this? What does God say about the way we should live our lives?

### Application:
Some years ago pastor Wayne Cordeiro, wrote an amazingbook call Jesus pure and Simple in it he mentioned kind of this same dilema
where people have multiple forms of what Christinity ought to be and what it is and what it isn't, but when it comes down to it
it is all about Jesus Christ and Him crucified. It is all about the power of the cross and the power of the resurrection. Everything else is just noise
and it is just a distraction from the main point of the gospel and this is the point that I as a believer need to keep in mind.

### Prayer:
Father in Jesus name help me to be able to keep my eyes on the cross and to be able to keep my eyes on the resurrection. 
Help me to be able to keep my eyes on the main point of the gospel and to be able to keep my eyes on Jesus Christ and Him crucified. Amen!
