# 03.10.2025 Understanding the context of the apostles


### Scripture:
13 For you have heard of my previous way of life in Judaism, how intensely I persecuted the church of God and tried to destroy it. 
14 I was advancing in Judaism beyond many of my own age among my people and was extremely zealous for the traditions of my fathers. 
15 But when God, who set me apart from my mother’s womb and called me by his grace, was pleased 
16 to reveal his Son in me so that I might preach him among the Gentiles, my immediate response was not to consult any human being. 
17 I did not go up to Jerusalem to see those who were apostles before I was, but I went into Arabia. Later I returned to Damascus.
***Galatians 1:13-17***

### Observation:
One of the things that I need to remember is that all of these apostles were of Juwish orogin, they grew up in the traditions and customs of the Jewish people.
Obviously this doesn't mean that they were educated men, as we the pharisees accused them of being uneducated for their lack of formal education.
But here we have Paul who was educated and was propertly train to handle the word of Truth in all of its Jewish context and authority.
He didn't need to endure such pain and suffering but he did, not because of human influence but because he had an encounter with Jesus Christ.

### Application:
One of the things that I must be able to learn and master is the ability to jump and put myself in the context and state of mind that
these men and women of such time were living under. Exploring israel and navegating to the places where they were and wrote this information will give me 
clearler picture of what they were thinking and potentially understand some of the additional context it doesn't say in the text but that is was implied 
at that time. Also going deeper into history and understanding some of the historical context of the apistles that helps too.

### Prayer:
Lord Jesus, I pray that you may help me to stay humble and to be able to listen to your voice.
Help me to remain clear headed and to be submissive to your perfect will in all areas of my life.
Amen!
