# 03.26.2025 - victory is from God

### Scripture:
6 I put no trust in my bow,
my sword does not bring me victory;
7 but you give us victory over our enemies,
you put our adversaries to shame.
8 In God we make our boast all day long,
and we will praise your name forever.
(Psalm 44:6-8)

### Observation:
One of the things we need to be able to remember in the age of gadgets and AI is that its God who give us the victory, yes having nice tools
and help from AI is not bad. But our eyes should be focus on the creator of all things. For it is Him who give us the ability to create such things.

### Application:
Yesterday night we saw the ending of severance sesson 2, it was a great story but the final was dissapointing to say the least.
I knew it was going to be difficutl to be able to top off season 1, but the way it got close just to get a season 3 was very off puttin.
But all of this is just to point out that just like a good tv show, things of this world could go side ways, for exmaple, I got an amazing freelance job
and after six months the owners of the company decided to go with t a marketing agency. But that doesn't mean that God is not in control, for He is the one who gives us the victory.
This is when not a macbook pro, nor a new standing desk will get me to the next level, but God will.

### Prayer:
Lord, help me to remember that you are the one who gives me the victory, help me to remember that you are the one who gives me the ability to create.
Its not AI nor a macbook pro, but you. Help me to remember that you are the one who gives me the victory. Amen.

