# 03.24.2025 Training and Discipline

### Scripture:
24 Do you not know that in a race all the runners run, but only one gets the prize? Run in such a way as to get the prize. 
25 Everyone who competes in the games goes into strict training. They do it to get a crown that will not last, but we do it to get a crown that will last forever. 
26 Therefore I do not run like someone running aimlessly; I do not fight like a boxer beating the air. 
(1 Corinthians 9:24-26)

### Observation:
Purpose and intention is what i read here in these verses. I see an apostle that has aim and direction, for you see just like a bullet needs to be compress and confined to gets its power
so those a person needs to be in order to fulfull their desire purpose. We see that clearly when the apostle refers to those who are training to get a crown on this earth.
So we to will get a crown, but the one in Heaven with pearls and precious stones that will last forever. With this in mind we must aim with purpose and submit ourselves to the training of the Holy Spirit.

### Application:
Discipline and pressure isn't fun, but when you finished with your training you get to see the end results of the training and you are happy that you submitted yourself under such master and his training.
When I type on my keyboard I'm so glad that i did the typing classes that I did because now i can see the huge boost of efficiency and flow that i can have when i type. So is the same concept with any type of training,
you will see the results of your training and you will be happy that you submitted yourself to the training. So let us submit ourselves to the training of the Holy Spirit and let us aim with purpose and intention.

### Prayer:
Lord Jesus I thank you because you spoke to my heart this morning, thank you so much because You are helping me to develop the hard muscle of memory and discipline. Thank you because I know that its in you
that I will be able to walk in my full potential so that others may come to glorify your holy name and that they may come to praise you in all of their ways. Amen!
