# 03.28.2025 The ways of love

### scripture:
4 Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. 
5 It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. 
6 Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. 
7 It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
(1 Corinthians 13:4-7 NIV)

### Observation:
This is a great reflection to ponder on, since it's speaks to my heart about my current condition and it puts into a good perspetive
what I'm currently working on and what I'm trying to achieve for ThinkIQ, and how I can create a bigger impact for the organization and Doug and Rob.
The same mentality is what I had to have with iEG, is putting them first, is the mentaliy of love and service.

### Application:
This is where I get to meet destinty, this is where I face my giant. Just like David stood before the giant with a few rocks and a sling.
I'm standing before the giant of OPC UA, and the ThinkIQ platform, I'm standing before the giant of the unknown. This is where Dr. Joe Dispenza
talks about the unknown, this is where I get to create a new future, this is where I get to create a new reality. So I will face this challange
with passion and seal because this is what makes me come alive. Here is an opportunity to carve my name in the fabric of time, in the manufaturing industry of the world.

### Prayer:
Lord Jesus I pray that you may help me to have this mindset of love and service, that I may be able to serve the people around me with love and kindness.
Help me to see that is You in me, and that without You I'm nothing. Amen!
