# 03.22.2025 - Seeking the things that are eternal

### Scripture:
29 What I mean, brothers and sisters, is that the time is short. From now on those who have wives should live as if they do not; 
30 those who mourn, as if they did not; those who are happy, as if they were not; those who buy something, as if it were not theirs to keep; 
31 those who use the things of the world, as if not engrossed in them. For this world in its present form is passing away.
(1 Corinthians 7:29-31)

### Observation:
One of the things we observe in this passage is the sense of urgency that the apostle Paul had. Because of this sense of urgency, he was able
to frame his perspective with regards to material posessions and worldly obligations. He saw the utility of these things in the context of the 
eternal perspective. He was able to see that the world is passing away and that the things of this world are temporary. Because he had this perspective,
he was able to detach himself from the things of this world and focus on the things that are eternal.

### Application:
When we think about these things we need to see how we can apply this perspective to our own lives. Yes making money, having a family, and enjoying nive things is good
to image a life with better things is good, but I can see that this drive for more and better posessions can be a distraction from the things that are eternal. I need to 
be able to detach myself from the things of this world and focus on the things that are eternal. I need to be able to see that the world is passing away and that the things
of this world are temporary and see their utility, meaning that they are only useful in the context of the eternal perspective which is Christ and His kingdom.
So rather than spending time looking at the new macbook, or mustang I should be spending time looking at the word of God and spending time with Him in His presence.
I don't want to fall into stuffism, where I am constantly looking for the next best thing, but I want to be content with what I have and focus on the things that are eternal.

### Prayer:
Father God, I pray that you may help me to not give into the hype and surrender at the altar of stuff. Help me to keep my mind in you and your word and help me to 
see this present world as an instrument and tool to advance your Kingdom in all that I do. Help me to be content with what I have and to focus on the things that are eternal.
I pray that you may help me to have a sense of urgency in my life and to be able to see that the time is short and that I need to be able to make the most of the time that I have here on earth for Christ and His Kingdom.
Amem.
