# 03.08.2025 Frameworks

- 1. **Hedge:**
    - a. Label the emotion that you are expecting to see from the other person.
    - b. Explain the motive behind selection such label.
    - c. Negate the potential misinterpretation of the label.
    - d. Express your true intentions.

- 2. **Defer:**
    - a. Express your desire to defer the conversation.
    - b. Explain why you are choosing to defer the conversation.
    - c. Express your intentions behind the deferment.
    - d. Offer an alternative time to have the conversation.

- 3. **5 step blueprint:**
    - a. Touch the other person.
    - b. Ask calibrated questions to gain deeper understanding.
    - c. Paraphrase and clarify the other person's thoughts. To Make sure you understand.
    - d. Recap the conversation.
    - e. Plant explicit seeds.

- 4. **4 Part Script:**
    - a. Label the emotion and express gratitude.
    - b. Explain why you choose such label, negate the potential misundertanding, and express your true intentions.
    - c. Praise and trust that the other person can handle the situation and will do the right thing in due time.
    - d. Offer your help and support and leave the door open for further conversation.

- 5. **Paraphrase and clarify:**

- 6. **Old vs New Self:**
    - Label the old behavior.
    - Explain why you choose such label.
    - Explain the new behavior.

- 7. **Hypothesis Antithesis:**
    - a. Express your current hypothesis about the situation.
    - b. Express the potential antithesis.
    - c. Ask calibrated questions to test the hypothesis and the antithesis and gain deeper understanding.
