# 03.17.2025 - Frameworks

- 1. Hedge:
    - a. Label the emotion that you expect to see.
    - b. Explain why you choose such label.
    - c. Negate the potential misunderstanding of the label.
    - d. Express what is your clear intention.

- 2. Defer:
    - a. Express your desire to defer the conversation.
    - b. Explain why you are deferring the conversation.
    - c. Express your intention to come back to the conversation.
    - d. Reschedule the conversation.

- 3. 5 Step Blueprint:
    - a. Touch the other person.
    - b. Ask a calibrated question.
    - c. Paraphrase and clarify.
    - d. Recap the conversation.
    - e. Plant explicit seeds.

- 4. 4 Part Script:
    - a. Label the emotion and express gratitude towards the other person.
    - b. Explain why you are choosing such label, negate the potential misunderstanding of the label, and express your clear intention.
    - c. Praise and trust that the other person will get it in due time.
    - d. Leave the door open for reconciliation.

- 5. Paraphrase and clarify.

- 6. Old vs New Self:
    - a. Label the old behavior: "I used to be a person who was always late."
    - b. Explain why the label destroyed the relationship: "Because I was always late to things, you felt that I was not a dependable person."
    - c. Express your personal growth journey: "Ever since I started to work on my time management skills, I have been able to show up on time to all of our meetings."

- 7. Hypothesis antithesis:
    - a. State the hypothesis.
    - b. State the antithesis.
    - c. Ask calibrated question to test the hypothesis.

